Fix minor ledger reported issues (#107)
trilitech/ledger-app-tezos-baking: doc/apdu.md

Messages sent in more than one packet will be refused.

> If the `message` is a valid `baking message` (`Block` or `Consensus

Reviewer: what happens when message is invalid baking message. Does it produce confirmation screen? The language seems to suggest that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signing baking message(block and consensus) does not require user intevention, no confirmation screen will be displayed and the signing process is automatic.
```
